=pod

=head1 NAME

Business::OnlinePayment::DLocal - Business::OnlinePayment::DLocal - DLocal (astropay) backend for Business::OnlinePayment

=head1 VERSION

version 0.002

=head1 METHODS

=head2 test_transaction

Get/set the server used for processing transactions.  Possible values are Live, Certification, and Sandbox
Default: Live

  #Live
  $self->test_transaction(0);

  #Certification
  $self->test_transaction(1);

=head2 field_map

Hash to map BOP standard names into the DLocal names

=head2 content

Manpilate the content to prepare for submittal

=head2 submit

Submit the content to the API

=head2 _normal_authorization

Maps a normal_authorization call to _authorization_only

=head2 _authorization_only

Perform an auth_only. warning, this feature is only available in certain countries, and requires configuration from DLocal on your account. Unless you know you need to use this, please stay with the SALE

=head2 _post_authorization

Perform a Post authorization (Capture). Same caveats as Auth only.

=head2 _tokenize

Submit a credit card number to DLocal for tokenization, allowing for subsequent calls to be tokenized, and not require PAN storage

=head2 _credit

Perform a refund

=head2 _paystatus

Check the status of a payment that previously returned a PENDING state. Requires that you have provided the interface user/token in addition to the normal API ones.

=head2 _refundstatus

Check the status of a refund.

=head2 _currencyexchange

Get a current currency exchange value for price display

=head2 _send_request

Formats your content and request data to actually transmit data

=head2 _parse_xml_response

Parsing if an XML response was received. Now that type=>'json' exists, will be phased out

=head2 server_request

Returns the complete request that was sent to the server.  The request has been stripped of card_num, cvv2, and password.  So it should be safe to log.

=head2 server_request_dangerous

Returns the complete request that was sent to the server.  This could contain data that is NOT SAFE to log.  It should only be used in a test environment, or in a PCI compliant manner.

=head2 server_response

Returns the complete response from the server.  The response has been stripped of card_num, cvv2, and password.  So it should be safe to log.

=head2 server_response_dangerous

Returns the complete response from the server.  This could contain data that is NOT SAFE to log.  It should only be used in a test environment, or in a PCI compliant manner.

=head2 set_defaults

Setup default values

=head1 AUTHOR

Jason (Jayce^) Hall <jayce@lug-nut.com>

=head1 CONTRIBUTOR

=for stopwords Jason Terry

Jason Terry <jterry@bluehost.com>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2017 by Jason (Jayce^) Hall.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=cut
